gh-126543: Docs: change "bound type var" to "bounded" when used in the context of the 'bound' kw argument to TypeVar (#126584)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

      class Sequence[T]:  # T is a TypeVar
          ...

   This syntax can also be used to create bounded and constrained type
   variables::

>       class StrSequence[S: str]:  # S is a TypeVar bounded by str

Reviewer: a bit more verbose but maybe clearer?

```suggestion
      class StrSequence[S: str]:  # S is a TypeVar with a `str` upper bound
```

      class Sequence[T]:  # T is a TypeVar
          ...

   This syntax can also be used to create bounded and constrained type
   variables::

      class StrSequence[S: str]:  # S is a TypeVar with a `str` upper bound;

>           ...                     # We can say that S is "bounded by `str`"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          ...                     # we can say that S is "bounded by `str`"
```
Semicolon on the previous line, so this doesn't start a new sentence

      z = print_capitalized(45)  # error: int is not a subtype of str

>    Type variables can be bounded by concrete types, abstract types (ABCs or
>    protocols), and even unions of types::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The upper bound of a type variable can be a concrete type, abstract type
   (ABC or protocol), or even a union of types::
```
